README.md, before:

# WfmWeb

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.3.4.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/). 

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

README.md update - development + release guides

README.md, after:

# WfmWeb

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.3.4.

## Development

Run `npm api:run` to run the api server from Docker. Run `npm start` to start the app in an Angular dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.
After you've finished working, run `npm api:stop` to stop the api server (or you'll have to do it the next time you start the api server).

## Release

- bump the version - in `package.json`, `constants.ts`, run `npm install` to update the version in `package-lock.json` from `package.json`.
- merge the `develop` to `master` branch
- build the app depending on the environment, where you want to release it: `npm run buildTest`, `npm run buildDemo`
- after the build has finished, run the release commands: `npm run release:latest`, `npm run release:version`

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
